uh so we'll start out this way uh i was
i walked out into the other room
because my wife's home uh my kids are
home and i'm like hey i'm about to hop
on a call
and my wife was like oh with who and
this was like 10 seconds ago and i was
like
all right so it's alex i like stuttered
four times i'm like can i just get on
the call
i don't know how to explain all of this
really fast
um so there's just i'm so excited about
this i have 12
i'm gonna tell you the things i would
have told her if i had more time
i have 12 bullet points i'm really
excited to talk about all of this
i think the book is amazing it reminds
me it's the closest thing i've found and
i mean this be compliment or
complementary not to be comparative
to a book that i read from paul jarvis
called everything i know
um because i was
reading this recently that there's a lot
of like beginner like how to
content out there right where you got to
give people the step by step
but if you want to write for high level
marketers and executives
just give them a framework they'll fill
in the details with their own reality
right
and i noticed that about paul's book and
this was probably like four or five
years ago and it was very like
transformative for me
and i feel the same about tiny mba
because
there's enough in there to give you like
something very concrete
but also enough that it's not so
prescriptive on certain things that you
can't
fill in your own details yeah well the
truth is is like i've been teaching
the how to be stuff long enough to know
that even when you do prescribe it
people fill it in with their own details
anyway
and so it's it's definitely you know the
intent is is
it's written at a different level very
very much on purpose and
um it was fun to you know get your
response
uh similar to some things i've read from
other folks that were in the first few
people that read it
saying like you know i know you said i
could read this in 30 minutes and
but i felt like i wanted to sit with
each page for at least a couple of
minutes and be like
what is that what does that mean for me
though
in a good way like it's it's sort of
it's it's almost um
the other comparison that uh one of the
first people who read it says this
reminded them of um brian eno's oblique
strategies deck
which wasn't a book but it was a bunch
of prompts that are meant to make your
brain go
hang on a second um in in a constructive
positive way
a very important question we're going to
start out with this
question one what is this typeface and
why do i love it so much
uh which one is that the one that you
use in like the art and on the cover
and i'm just like i love it like i i
want to get tattoos of this
credit goes to uh the designer of the
book
hannah litvin uh she's
extraordinary um and the
i'm pulling up the file here we gotta
get out some files here
sorry i may dig into it uh while you're
looking that up i'll also say on the
cover
uh this will definitely get people to at
least check out the cover
uh there's like it says the tiny mba but
the is a sticker
that reminds me of just it's so much
nostalgia
and like childhood for me of going to
ironically because you're from
philadelphia but i'm from upstate new
york and we had a store there
chain of stores called philadelphia
sales and i feel like
every store there all those stores used
that exact same sticker as soon as i
saw it i was just like oh that's so
wonderful cool so i'll get back to the
font
vis-a-vis this story when i reached out
when hannah
first asked especially on the cover um
which we designed before we did some of
the the topography artwork inside
she said what do you want in terms of of
inspiration for the book
um and i said you know part of me wants
to you know compare it to the classics
you know how to win friends and
influence people
um and and other um uh uh uh
uh high was it seven effective habits of
habits of highly effective people right
covey stephen covey um speed of trust
like
they all have an aesthetic to them that
is extremely type driven
um and and definitely of like a
different
time period at the same time i kind of
wanted to parody them
um because that's kind of like the whole
there is an anti
and as you talk about in the uh uh the
the woman who at the forward talks about
not really anti anything but a counter
movement on purpose so i was like i want
it but i don't so i don't know if that's
useful to you at all
and somehow she nailed this kind of
retro
but like almost a parody but still like
really really
uh kind of seductive so the um
topography the
the cover font a tiny mba
uh is a font called seventies
uh and the other one that you love is
called mamba
uh and i in the
we're gonna have to add to the website
like a little production colophone that
includes those because multiple people
have been like
what are these fonts they're fantastic
so good it's so funny i have my uh
22 immutable laws of marketing literally
has a pricing sticker on it that some i
bought it used off amazon because this
is like the 19 whatever
version of it like when it first came
out but it has like a price sticker that
somebody scribbled out and i just loved
it
um and i loved it too it also made me
like look really close and like read
what it
actually says on there which i'm it's
just it's it's the chef's kiss
uh of the pogba and i love it um i also
want to give you kudos
you told the story towards the beginning
about sitting in a principles of
macroeconomics class
that i have also we weren't in the same
class but we were in the same class and
it made me laugh
so hard that i was like making dolphin
sounds like i couldn't even
i just knew you know if you've been
there you've been there and you're like
i paid
96 for this book
on macro economics and this class is
awful
when am i ever going to use this and
then it's like
that is what you mentioned about like
the antithesis kind of thing of like
this is not
that yeah right yeah well and
specifically in that story that like
i i mean i took that class and things
like that class caused me to
drop out of school and perhaps for at
least a moment think maybe business
isn't for me
um and i think that's another thing a
lot a lot of folks have so many friends
who are like
i would hate running my own business
and i'm like i mean maybe but based on
what and the
things that they are often based on are
these
uh sort of sometimes out of date but
always kind of
tropey and and weird and not quite
really attuned to the reality there's
lots of things about running a business
that are hard
but the things that freak people out i
think are just not the things that are
are going to ruin your day most of the
time
um so so yeah and it's like for as
miserable i was as i was in those
classes
having that experience uh definitely
pushed me in the direction of
i think i understand what my priorities
are now
and like it's important to understand
these concepts
but like 10 weeks of class about it
like i don't know about that yeah tell
me
i i want to also uh just pull this
thread a little bit more
and come back to the whole like beginner
content advanced content kind of thing
because i think when people i wasn't
prepared for what what i read
in the book like i thought it was a i
thought it was going to be very standard
i have an expectation of when people say
i've written a book what it is going to
be
and this was very different this was
very again like i mentioned paul jarvis
and
it's very like what i meant you know
when you read uh
certain books by seth godin and you're
like i thought i knew what a book was
and
this is not that and i mean that as a
compliment because like
you know tell me what like i feel like
it's very uh
this is from watching i've probably
watched inception
50 plus times but i'm very fascinated
with the idea kind of like i mentioned
earlier of like they give them the dream
and then they fill it with their own
subconscious
like the book when people see it for the
first time and they see the pages or
they read the review that i'm writing
and everything they'll see some of it
it's not like long-winded
there's not like a st five star you know
the business book tropes of like we got
to tell you five stories about every
single point so you can remember it like
there's none of that it's very short
it's very
uh punchy and i love that
tell me like why did you decide to make
it like this
so here's the fun part
is that i didn't decide to make a book
that way
this book the core of this book started
on twitter
um i was i saw
a tweet from that a few people had
shared um
patrick mckenzie patio 11 shared it um
my
friend uh saul up in toronto shared it
and this the tweet was basically a
challenge
that said post a tweet like this
that offers one opinion or
perspective or piece of advice per
like in a field that you
know or have experience in and try it as
an idea generation tool
where you you have there's not a
narrative to it it's just you've got to
generate a hundred of a thing
and i was like oh that's an integer well
it wasn't even 100 of a thing i set the
100 cap it was however many likes you
get and i was like i'll do one per like
up to 100.
and i did this on christmas eve
of 2019 and it started on christmas eve
and
it took about two and a half days of
sessions of sitting down to like
do a few things there's a couple of
things at play one was twitter itself
and having the character limit
forced me to take an idea and say what
is the
what is the clearest expression of that
idea
in 280 characters or less right and
that's kind of the magic of twitter
at its core it used to be 140 characters
now i get a little more
room to play um the other thing that was
kind of interesting was i sat down i
wrote the first 10
and i was like all right i gotta come up
with a framework
and so i started thinking in vague
themes and so
as you read through it there the kind of
stuff kind of shows up in
these clusters they aren't
perfectly strung together although the
order they're in the book is the order
that i wrote them
they have not been reordered at all um
and i think
that's also uh we talked about
reordering them and maybe breaking them
into section i was like
no they came out of my head in a certain
order and i feel like there's something
about that i don't know what it is but i
feel like that
adding too much structure to them will
actually take away from some of the way
that they
get perceived so you know i'd write 10
or i'd set out to write 10 points on you
know
uh setting prices for instance uh or
um on the challenges of business
partnerships and
i would get to one and i say okay
there's my point and
get to number two number three and i'm
like three is kind of big i gotta break
that into two or three more and that's
just kind of how it evolved so i wrote
that
and uh got a lot of really positive
response to it a bunch of people saying
i've recently read business books that
were less valuable than this thread and
i was like interesting
and then six weeks later tweets were
still getting
retweeted shared commented and i was
like i've never shared anything that's
had that kind of staying power
wonder what it would look like if i
turned this into
a book um and then had a few people say
like
shut up and take my money uh you know
the the quintessential thing you love to
hear
and i was like all right i'm gonna i'm
gonna think a little bit about that and
then that was when i made the decision i
was like all right
um if i'm going to do it i'll kind of
want to do it right we've never
um done a physical product amy and i
we've published other books other small
books
um the the book that she wrote in a very
short period of time
uh just [__] ship is uh has been very
successful in its own right and we
intend to do a second edition
but we have never gone through the
process of actually doing the book
design production
figuring out all the pieces of it so i
was like if i'm gonna do it
um i'm gonna that's how i'm gonna i'm
gonna base it on those
those core tweets they're lightly edited
for context i wanna talk about order
really quickly
uh the first page says most people pay
way too much attention to things that do
not matter to their customers things
like press awards drama and hype
try auditing who and what you're paying
attention to then cut two big things
that you've let distract in the past
why was that the first thing that came
to your head that's a really good
question i
i'm not i don't know because i don't
remember exactly what was going on in my
head
um but what i will say is i think it's
one of the most prescriptive
things in the book um and if i think
back on the moment
you know i was given this challenge of
right 100 very small things
um and because of the business that we
run and the work that i do
it made sense for me to jump into like
what's a piece of advice i give all the
time
or a piece of advice that i think a
bunch of people need to hear and i
started
there um but i also think i kind of
realized pretty quickly like
if it's all that this is gonna be really
hard um so it doesn't need to all be
lessened so i think
you know that book marks the
where my brain went to when the
challenge was issued
but also the moment that i departed from
the challenge and saying
this isn't gonna be a series of how to's
um
in order for the in order for me to
write a hundred of these uh
i need to take a different attack you
reference cal newport which is a book
that i've
only listened to recently because i
thought that i
i thought i got it from the title right
i was like oh be so good they can't
ignore you
i get it i don't need to read this i
thought it was another business book
right where you
get it at the title and you don't need
to read it and then i started listening
to the book on audible and i'm like
oh this is what i needed 10 years ago um
talk to me about that i ruined my
passion for brazilian jiu jitsu
that way by building a business out of
it and ruined a lot of relationships
um and now i'm a big proponent of this
like get just get super good at
something
yeah uh even more about that well i
think there's two parts to it one
i want to sort of touch on something you
just said which is how easy it is to
ruin a thing that you love
by whether by treating it as a business
or just trying to extract something from
it
i think the the reason that business
ruins passions is
is also it's not necessarily the fault
of business but it's the fault of the
broken mindset that people have about
business that the book really talks
about
which is extraction is the default
the default mindset in business is how
do i extract
value from things rather than how do i
create value
for things and when you extract value as
your primary mode of doing
things you are also going into something
something with a scarce
a scarcity mindset that there is only so
much of it that there can be um
and so when we talk about the things
that we are passionate about
i think if we whether it's trying to
turn them into a business
or or um just
turn them into something more than they
really are or need to be
it is very easy to run the risk of
extracting
the very thing that made you love it in
the first place
versus if i think about where passion
actually
comes from there's there's no universal
answer for that
um that's kind of implied but there are
a few
consistent tools and paths that i think
most people are wired for especially
creative people are wired for
and learning and improving is the the
big one
um another book that is referenced is uh
badass by kathy sierra
and i think kathy's work that predates
badass
uh such a good book is really
all about the the underlying psychology
of the user
being on a path of improvement
and when we feel bad about ourselves in
our work it's usually because something
is there preventing the feedback loop
of believing that we are improving right
whether that is
you know not getting fast good enough
fast enough and therefore not being able
to see the improvement
or in a work environment having a boss
that doesn't tell you that you're you
did a good job or you're getting better
at it that kind of feedback loop can
undermine the intrinsic
you know uh feedback loop that you have
like well maybe i'm not getting good at
it and i think those kinds of things
are are unfortunately really kind of
wired into a lot of the
work economics and i think the antidote
is learning to find
passion in getting better at something
which requires and this is the hardest
part especially for people that are
maybe later in their career
um or are already quite good at
something is
how hard it is to go back with a full
beginner's mindset and
if it's been a long time since you've
been an actual beginner not like
learning an adjacent thing you know once
you're good at you know programming one
programming language you can
kind of jump to another programming
language because you understand the
fundamentals once you
understand one kind of writing or design
or photography like there's some
there's always some transferable
something but to go from
you know one skill set to now i want to
learn how to be
uh i want to learn how to juggle right
if i have no transferable skills to
juggling
juggling can really screw with your head
because you've it's been so long since
you were bad at something
that you internalize i'm bad at this too
i'm bad and that i think that psychology
really breaks people
breaks people's work when in fact the
opportunity like i'm bad at that that's
an opportunity to get good at it
that's where a passion can be generated
and that that kind of passion the
generative passion i think is the
infinite fuel
that people see creative people who
continue to pursue actually running on
yeah a few points in the book you kind
of transition
kind of back and forth between like
getting really good at things and then
how to
move past like i'm good at things so now
i'm exchanging time for money
and how to position that there is some
like really tactical pieces in there
uh not tactical pieces what i found the
every single page of the book for the
most part
is what i would call the bridge where
i know i'm here and i know i want to get
here but i don't know that
path and it's not prescriptive enough to
be like
here's a script you need to use in your
positioning statement
like none of that sort of thing but
instead being like here's like
a couple of the the issues that people
have when positioning their time as
being of value
you know we talked about or you talked
about like what time are you saving them
and what are their priorities and
one thing i really want to touch on is
you talked about earning trust at scale
and i think that aligns really well to
the point around kathy sierra of like
making your users awesome instead of
just making
your product awesome or being awesome
yourself i know that i'm trying to build
and grow
seo for the rest of us and all of the
brands
in the digital marketing space that
really frustrate me are ones where they
can
their only success story is how good
they are
right at teaching digital marketing on
their digital marketing blog
yeah so as soon as possible i i was like
i need success
stories i need customers i need clients
and not testimonials but like
full case studies right i want i want 10
of the marketing to be like how good i
am at this and 90 to be about other
people and i think that
helps scale a little bit but i would
love to hear you talk more about like
earning that trust
at scale yeah the the
the main thing that comes to mind is how
and i think the i think the inspiration
for that particular
uh unit of the book was
how flipped out people get when they
think about audience building and
marketing
and there is a i think a lot there's a
lot of
things that contribute to that and you
know some people
are drawn to it and therefore those you
know they maybe have inherent advantages
of being an extrovert or
um a really talented communicator or
whatever it might be
um and because not everyone has those
things some people think that they can't
or or won't be good at reaching people
because they don't have those built-in
abilities and
while those built-in abilities can be
advantages they can also be
disadvantages
depending on the audience you're trying
to connect with but in all cases
they're not really the point they're
just tools or expressions
the point uh that i try and get people
to to break it down
and maybe it's even worth peeling back
one more layer is you know a big part of
my business
uh is relationships and community
building
almost 15 years with indy hall and even
the way we've run stacking the bricks
has been a very human relationship
driven business give even though we've
grown into a reasonable scale
and the thing that i think folks look at
a thing like indy hall for instance and
they go
what an amazing experience an awesome
community how do i build a community
like
that but they're seeing the end product
the end result they're not seeing
that the majority of the work at the
beginning and even still now today
is one on one it's it's it's individual
and the hard part about making the
individual
thing work is when you start reaching
scales that's where
where that point came in and so when i
look at audience building and i look at
the
mechanisms that people say what are you
going to do to build an audience well
i'm going to start a blog and i'm going
to start an email list i'm going to
sign up for twitter like those are those
are the the tactics and the tools which
is great
but like okay cool what are you going to
do with them well i'm going to write
articles and then
about what and as soon as you ask the
about what question you're dead
right because you're putting the the
focus
on what you're going to write about not
who you're going to write for
and why you're going to write for them
and it seems really really subtle but
it's the thing that i think flips people
out the most
when they're thinking about audience
building is like well who out there
needs to hear
what i need to hear right what hasn't
already been said
and i said well why does that matter and
the only reason it matters is because
you've got a
sort of a messed up mindset around what
an audience actually is
it's not people that want that need to
hear a thing it's that they want to hear
it from
you because you've earned their trust
through
those one-on-one interactions or my
favorite technique and the simplest the
one that everyone has the ability to do
is helping people in public coming on a
podcast is probably not the place you're
going to start but it's a good it's
something you can do going into forums
and being active and present in the
comments and not just there to drop a
link to your
article or product every time but to be
a member of that
online community that's there to
contribute and show up and ask your own
questions from time to time be like hey
anybody know anything about this like
you have to be a member of a community
before you can be a leader in a
community
and i think that that translates to the
you need to
you know connect one-on-one with your
audience and there are absolutely ways
to scale that
and and um towards the ends of
once you've built that initial
relationship it gets a lot easier to
write a thing
or produce or publish a thing and have
them
feel like it's coming directly from you
to them because
it's entirely built on that foundation
of trust
yeah it was very freeing for me when i
read some of uh
joseph campbell and hero's journey and i
realized all the most popular movies
from avengers all the way back through
star wars and indiana jones every movie
that i've really ever
loved has been uh the exact same script
and i didn't realize it and then all of
a sudden when i realized that i'm like
oh
okay inception lord of the rings like
it's all the same script
then all of a sudden i felt very free
like being like you know what if none of
those things happen cause they're like
well somebody already did it
you know joseph campbell wrote a book
about it in like whatever it was like
the 60s or something so
we can't make movies based on this like
we wouldn't have all those great
treasures so
yeah i totally agree i want to touch on
one more point as we kind of wrap up
here
uh towards the end of the book you said
if done well teaching and marketing can
be nearly indistinguishable
from each other and you also talked
about if
you're new to something built in public
um i would love to hear more
if somebody's watching this or listening
to this and they're like hey i'm just
getting started
uh how do i teach how do i build in
public um
talk to me like for you or for you know
anybody else like
what do you think that looks like yeah
um well i think there's sort of two
components
um there's outside of you and inside of
you
we'll start outside of you because i
think that's the important place to
start
um is you know where are
your peers where are the people like you
this is probably the hardest
part to do um because for two reasons
one is
the internet is really big and it's not
always super obvious
where to look um i have an article if
you
search alex hillman can't find audience
i think
you'll find the sort of a guide to some
things you can type into google and
find articles forums it's like how do
you find people that
are doing the thing that you're doing um
where they may be
right you know the the internet is so
big and we don't know what we don't know
so if we can't imagine
a place that we've never been we'll
never find the places that we have yet
to go
um the finding those folks
and changing the approach
from walking into a room and trying to
impress people
to trying to be some
yourself first and foremost that's all
you can be and not be a be a liar
be yourself um and that includes sharing
what you're working on that day what you
learned that day
um where you learned it from right so i
think a lot of folks especially
beginners are like
i don't i don't have anything again new
to say or
who the hell am i why would anybody
listen to me one of the easiest ways to
get started
is to share your favorite sources be the
person who's always got an
awesome article or podcast to recommend
right
and that's not a place where you want to
live forever but it is
absolutely a valuable place to start
where you can be seen as somebody who
goes out and does the research
finds really valuable insights and
uh and resources and assets and then
like
the amount of trust that you pick up
along the way of being a good curator
is definitely a valuable tool again i
think the most common
mistake there is people get stuck being
the curator so
that's where the inside you part comes
and i think the practice to cultivate
there is
to start looking for patterns and seeing
what are the common patterns across the
things that you are learning and doing
that either light you up light up other
people
and i mean if they think about it
as remix or jazz music like
how can you fuse together two ideas to
create your own
original or even semi-original
expression and people
are really quick to discount what
they're saying is too similar you know
it's not novel therefore i shouldn't say
it
is back to your point about you know
every freaking movie ever
um or the vast majority of them i would
say
the the practice of synthesizing stuff
together and coming up with
your way of saying it that includes your
own stories your own expression
your own experience if you read
something and don't get it or disagree
that counts too you don't have to go on
the internet and be a jerk about it but
you can say
i read this and it's a little different
from the way i experienced it so i want
to talk about the way i
experience this so if you view
everything as
something to riff on i think that's a
really good way to
approach these public spaces
and like i said in the book itself was i
mean very few of the things that i wrote
in here i have never written
before but each of them was a new
expression based on things i
even i had written in the past so
um i think maybe the meta lesson here is
give yourself the challenge to say
say a thing even if you don't think it's
original the last thing that i'll say on
this point
i'll reference i don't remember if it's
actually referenced in the book or not
is an article by derek sivers
called obvious to you amazing to others
uh sivirs.org
obvious is he's very good at making uh
shareable domains
i love it and and the article kind of
explains itself is like there are so
many things that don't get
shared because people assume that
everyone else already knows this and if
they say it that they're gonna look like
a dummy
um the flip side of that is i was in a
really interesting
um like leadership brainstorming session
last week with a bunch of folks from
across the philadelphia region
and we were talking about ways that we
as a community can come together to
uh you know to help reverse a lot of the
inequities in the world right now when
it comes to access
and the group that i was in was uh
focused on how do we help people uh
particularly the minority and
underrepresented populations in our
region have better access to mentorship
and professional development
and one of the topics that came up with
somebody who's like you know i got into
consulting
and i uh you know i
was in a meeting and i said a thing i
did a thing and then after the meeting
somebody pulled me aside like hey you
can't do that you just gave away like
fifteen thousand dollars worth of work
in that meeting
and he was like well how am i supposed
to know that who's gonna teach me that
so all these unspoken
like things you know you don't even
maybe even know where you picked them up
or if you do know where you pick them up
the odds of everyone who needs to know
them
or read them or understand them or have
them resonate with them simply because
you have a lived experience that's
different from everyone else
or many of the other people who've
already said it
don't discount your lived experience
being the expression of the thing that
has been said a thousand times
being the the expression that needs to
be said in order to get
in in the head of somebody who
desperately needs it because they're so
quick to ignore
everyone else who doesn't look like them
think like them have their lived
experience things like that
um so yeah there's so much
one of my favorite ways to like kind of
um play
inception in people's brains is uh
if you are hesitating to share something
that you know
that could help somebody else because
you're afraid of what someone else is
gonna say
try turning it around and realizing how
selfish it is
to not share that thing with that person
who could benefit from it
today tomorrow the next week next month
whatever it is realize that by not
sharing it by by trying to preserve your
own fear of something that
might happen but also probably won't you
are denying
an unknowable number of people an
opportunity to learn that thing in the
moment that they need to learn it so
don't be selfish and
put yourself out there um i just wrote a
new article
uh on stuck in the bricks it's a
stackingbricks.com
confidence about that specific thing is
like putting yourself out there for
whatever
whatever your mental hang up is this
article will kind of
break you of whatever you're you think
you're not doing it for
uh i hope a bunch of people have said it
was really helpful so maybe that's a
good note to wrap that photo up on
yeah of course and at the very least buy
tiny mba and
tweet start tweeting about it read a
couple things share your reactions share
your experiences
um i feel very strongly
that there's so much of this book there
are so many things and i want to give
people permission as they're reading the
book
if you read something and you're like
i'm not ready for this yet
like that's okay i'm not there's a
couple things where i'm like
oh my god this is i'm in the thick of it
right and there's a couple things that
i'm like
i've been through that that was a mess
we've already talked about those today
and there's a couple things where i'm
like that's going to happen in the
future
i don't want to forget this so i think
that this book
one of the things i love about it is it
is a um
it can be a fast read right
and what i mean by that is you can read
it once a year without feeling like
you have to put you know you're not
reading the bible
in a year right like i can just say like
all right every so often like every year
i'm going to read tiny mba because i
know
there's going to be something in there
that's timeless advice that's going to
apply
to me wherever i'm at whether i'm
managing people or building my business
or
you know i don't have any partners yet
but i know that when i at some point if
i ever work with a partner like i need
to review
right so i love that about the book uh i
appreciate you being generous enough
to not call it quits with the tweets
and be like yeah i put it out there got
a bunch of retweets probably helped a
bunch of people i did my thing
keep it going uh putting it into this
format
was very likely a immense amount of work
so i'm very grateful for that thanks for
taking the time to talk about it
uh if people want to pick it up at the
time we're talking right now
uh you know that might not be possible
but
when i publish this it will be so where
can people go to get it
yeah the website is tiny.mba
and that'll give you the ability to buy
a physical copy physical copy comes with
digital copy as well so you'll be able
to load that on
whatever you want to read it on your
your tablet or whatnot
if you just want a digital version you
can also buy that from tiny mba or if
you want to buy direct from the kindle
store on amazon uh you know the direct
delivery model we were
doing kindle on amazon as well i love
that i've just started using read wise
have you ever heard of read wise
oh what's that make sure kindle
highlights and just emails you your
highlights everyone
there's a lot of things it can be like
an evernote and all this other stuff
but i saw uh dave gerhart uses it a lot
and a couple other people and i was just
like
oh that's cool like i would love to see
what i highlighted
four years ago that it decided to
surface you know and like
learn those lessons again and retain
things and it's like
five bucks a month or something and it's
cool
uh but i would encourage people you know
obviously by
you can see if you're watching the video
shelves of books here i love actual
paper books but getting the kindle as
well
i'm i'm proud of was we talked about the
you know the design
but it's also i mean you can kind of see
it in my hand it's a small book like
it's it's short in length but it's also
like the physicality of it
um i don't know i i'm sure other people
who have published books have had the
exact same experience i'm about to
describe
um i have created a lot of things on the
internet
i have never held in my hand a book that
i wrote
and it feels really cool uh the book the
physicality of this book feels
awesome so as a as a artifact a thing to
hold in your hand and put on your shelf
share with others um i'm really proud of
what we came up with
awesome well i appreciate alex thanks so
much for taking the time